docs: Update template documentation (#2001)
flowforge/flowforge: docs/admin/README.md

 - [Local Stacks](../install/local/stacks.md)
 - [Docker Stacks](../install/docker/stacks.md)
 - [Kubernetes Stacks](../install/kubernetes/stacks.md)

### Managing Templates

The Templates page can be used to create and edit the template on the platform.
With templates administrators can apply Node-RED configuration options as default.
For these options, the administrator can lock the selected value so users cannot change
them, or keep them editable by end-users.

If you edit a template that is being used by an Application Instance, those changes will get
applied the next time the instance is restarted.

#### Disallow using nodes

> On FlowForge Cloud, but recommended on self-managed installs on Docker and Kubernetes too,
> certain nodes will not work and are excluded from being used by the template.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On FlowForge Cloud, but recommended on self-managed installs on Docker and Kubernetes,
where certain nodes will not work so are excluded from being used by the template.
```
